Sometimes I get words mixed up and backwards, so it could be kind of challenging, so do I like reading?
Not really.
I don't know. I find books not interested in boring.
You know, just get completely distracted.
I have to mentally prepare myself to read, because there's so many other things you could be doing.
I don't enjoy reading, but I do like reading the Bible.
For me, it's more than a book.
It's definitely worth it.
Some people may say it's not relevant for today, but when you look into it,
there's things you can learn from all the time.
It's helped me to think before and speak.
I find that I'm actually more concerned with other people,
they're well-being, how they're doing, and looking out for them.
I think Bible readings made me a better person.
It gives me a little push for the day.
My favorite book in the Bible would probably be The Psalms, because it's easy for me to understand,
and it's really interesting to me.
For young people, they can go through JW.org and get the Bible several different copies of the Bible right there.
We'll type in that certain scripture, and there'll be articles about it.
Another thing I'm loving is the new videos, an introduction to this book of the Bible.
It just takes two or three minutes, and you can understand what you're about to read that book,
and that makes a huge difference.
I go by topics or what interests me.
I look for something that's interesting, that touches me directly,
just becomes an enjoyable process.
It's very, very relevant, and it's very important,
and you can find happiness.
I mean, it doesn't want that.